It is a truth universally acknowledged that a zombie in pos-
session of brains must be in want of more brains. Never was this
truth more plain than during the recent attacks at Netherfield Park,
in which a household of eighteen was slaughtered and consumed by
a horde of the living dead.
“My dear Mr. Bennet,” said his lady to him one day, “have you
heard that Netherfield Park is occupied again?”
Mr. Bennet replied that he had not and went about his morning
business of dagger sharpening and musket polishing—for attacks by the
unmentionables had grown alarmingly frequent in recent weeks.
“But it is,” returned she.
Mr. Bennet made no answer.
“Do you not want to know who has taken it?” cried his wife
impatiently.
“Woman, I am attending to my musket. Prattle on if you must, but
leave me to the defense of my estate!”
This was invitation enough.
“Why, my dear, Mrs. Long says that Netherfield is taken by a young
man of large fortune; that he escaped London in a chaise and four just
as the strange plague broke through the Manchester line.”
“What is his name?”
“Bingley. A single man of four or five thousand a year. What a fine
thing for our girls!”
“How so? Can he train them in the ways of swordsmanship and
musketry?”
“How can you be so tiresome! You must know that I am thinking
of his marrying one of them.”
“Is that his design in settling here?”
“Design! Nonsense, how can you talk so! But it is very likely that
he may fall in love with one of them, and therefore you must visit him
as soon as he comes.”
“I see no occasion for that. You and the girls may go, or you may
send them by themselves, which perhaps will be still better, for as you
are as handsome as any of them, Mr. Bingley may like you the best of
the party.”
“My dear, you flatter me. I certainly have had my share of beauty,
but I do not pretend to be anything extraordinary now. When a woman
has five grown-up daughters, she ought to give over thinking of her
own beauty.”
“In such cases, a woman has not often much beauty to think of.”
“But, my dear, you must indeed go and see Mr. Bingley when he
comes into the neighbourhood.”
“It is more than I engage for, I assure you.”
“But consider your daughters. Only think what an establishment it
would be for one of them. Sir William and Lady Lucas are determined
to go, merely on that account, for in general, you know, they visit no
newcomers. Indeed you must go, for it will be impossible for us to visit
him if you do not.”
“You are over-scrupulous, surely. I dare say Mr. Bingley will be
very glad to see you; and I will send a few lines by you to assure him
of my hearty consent to his marrying whichever he chooses of the girls;
though I must throw in a good word for my little Lizzy.”
“I desire you will do no such thing. Lizzy is not a bit better than
the others; and I am sure she is not half so handsome as Jane, nor half
so good-humoured as Lydia. But you are always giving her the prefer-
ence.”
“They have none of them much to recommend them,” replied he;
“they are all silly and ignorant like other girls; but Lizzy has something
more of quickness than her sisters.”
“Mr. Bennet, how can you abuse your own children in such a way?
You take delight in vexing me. You have no compassion for my poor
nerves.”
“You mistake me, my dear. I have a high respect for your nerves.
They are my old friends. I have heard you mention them with consid-
eration these last twenty years at least.”
“Ah, you do not know what I suffer.”
“But I hope you will get over it, and live to see many young men of
four thousand a year come into the neighbourhood
able man in the world, and everybody hoped that he would never come
there again. Amongst the most violent against him was Mrs. Bennet,
whose dislike of his general behaviour was sharpened into particular
resentment by his having slighted one of her daughters.
Elizabeth Bennet had been obliged, by the scarcity of gentlemen,
to sit down for two dances; and during part of that time, Mr. Darcy had
been standing near enough for her to hear a conversation between him
and Mr. Bingley, who came from the dance for a few minutes, to press
his friend to join it.
“Come, Darcy,” said he, “I must have you dance. I hate to see you
standing about by yourself in this stupid manner.”
“I certainly shall not.You know how I detest it, unless I am partic-
ularly acquainted with my partner. At such an assembly as this it would
be insupportable. Your sisters are engaged, and there is not another
woman in the room whom it would not be a punishment to me to stand
up with.”
“Upon my honour!” cried Mr. Bingley, “I never met with so many
pleasant girls in my life as I have this evening; and there are several of
them you see uncommonly pretty.”
“You are dancing with the only handsome girl in the room,” said
Mr. Darcy, looking at the eldest Miss Bennet.
“Oh! She is the most beautiful creature I ever beheld! But there is
one of her sisters sitting down just behind you, who is very pretty, and I
dare say very agreeable.”
“Which do you mean?” and turning round he looked for a
moment at Elizabeth, till catching her eye, he withdrew his own and
coldly said, “She is tolerable, but not handsome enough to tempt me; I
am in no humour at present to give consequence to young ladies who
are slighted by other men.”